Add catalyst to the documentation (#4030)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/index.rst

..

> - *Just in time compilation*. Compile your **entire hybrid workflow**, including loops. See

Reviewer: @trbromley should we make the same edit here as in the readme, or would that be too much text?
```suggestion
- *Just in time compilation*. Compile your **entire hybrid workflow**, with support for
  adaptive circuits, real-time measurement feedback, unbounded loops, and more. See
```

..

- *Just in time compilation*. Experimental support for just-in-time
  compilation. Compile your entire hybrid workflow, loops. See
  `Catalyst <https://github.com/pennylaneai/catalyst>`__ for more details.

> ..

Reviewer 2: Second minor point - with the added content, the last bullet point ends up being full width and doesn't look as great. Any idea if there's an easy fix for this?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49409390/234300631-1aa16475-4837-4029-9c7d-224d5263b946.png)

> - *Just in time compilation*. Experimental support for just-in-time
>   compilation. Compile your entire hybrid workflow, loops. See
>   `Catalyst <https://github.com/pennylaneai/catalyst>`__ for more details.
> 
> ..

Author: ```suggestion
- *Just in time compilation*. Compile your **entire hybrid workflow**, including loops. See
  `Catalyst <https://github.com/pennylaneai/catalyst>`__ for more details.

..
```
